>>>
>>> ♪
>>
>> 2
>>> ♪
>> 2 --
>> 2 -- TWO
>>> ♪
>> 2 -- TWO WOMEN,
>> 2 -- TWO WOMEN, ONE
>>> ♪
>> 2 -- TWO WOMEN, ONE FROM
EAGAN
EAGAN MINNESOTA,
>> 2 -- TWO WOMEN, ONE FROM
EAGAN MINNESOTA, AND
EAGAN MINNESOTA, AND ONE
>> 2 -- TWO WOMEN, ONE FROM
EAGAN MINNESOTA, AND ONE FROM
HIM
HIM AND
EAGAN MINNESOTA, AND ONE FROM
HIM AND WISCONSIN,
HIM AND WISCONSIN, HAVE
EAGAN MINNESOTA, AND ONE FROM
HIM AND WISCONSIN, HAVE BEEN
STRANGERS
STRANGERS THEIR
HIM AND WISCONSIN, HAVE BEEN
STRANGERS THEIR ENTIRE
STRANGERS THEIR ENTIRE LIVES.
THEY
THEY ARE
STRANGERS THEIR ENTIRE LIVES.
THEY ARE BONDED
THEY ARE BONDED BY
STRANGERS THEIR ENTIRE LIVES.
THEY ARE BONDED BY A
THEY ARE BONDED BY A MOST
UNUSUAL
UNUSUAL SITUATION.
BOYD
BOYD HOOPER
UNUSUAL SITUATION.
BOYD HOOPER EXPLAINS
BOYD HOOPER EXPLAINS IN
TONIGHT'S
TONIGHT'S LAND
BOYD HOOPER EXPLAINS IN
TONIGHT'S LAND OF
TONIGHT'S LAND OF 10,000
STORIES.
♪
>>
>> WE
♪
>> WE TAKE
>> WE TAKE OUR
♪
>> WE TAKE OUR PLACE
>> WE TAKE OUR PLACE AND
♪
>> WE TAKE OUR PLACE AND OUR
FAMILIES
FAMILIES FOR
>> WE TAKE OUR PLACE AND OUR
FAMILIES FOR GRANTED.
TRUST
TRUST THAT
FAMILIES FOR GRANTED.
TRUST THAT IN
TRUST THAT IN OUR
FAMILIES FOR GRANTED.
TRUST THAT IN OUR EARLIEST
DAYS,
DAYS, EVERYTHING
TRUST THAT IN OUR EARLIEST
DAYS, EVERYTHING WENT
DAYS, EVERYTHING WENT JUST
RIGHT.
BUT
BUT WHAT
RIGHT.
BUT WHAT IF
BUT WHAT IF IT
RIGHT.
BUT WHAT IF IT DID
BUT WHAT IF IT DID NOT?
WHAT
WHAT IF
BUT WHAT IF IT DID NOT?
WHAT IF YOU
WHAT IF YOU FOUND
BUT WHAT IF IT DID NOT?
WHAT IF YOU FOUND YOURSELF
WHAT IF YOU FOUND YOURSELF IN
DENISE
DENISE JENNA
WHAT IF YOU FOUND YOURSELF IN
DENISE JENNA SKIS
DENISE JENNA SKIS PLACE?
>>
>> Reporter:
DENISE JENNA SKIS PLACE?
>> Reporter: PEOPLE
>> Reporter: PEOPLE JUST
AUTOMATICALLY
AUTOMATICALLY ASSUME
>> Reporter: PEOPLE JUST
AUTOMATICALLY ASSUME THEY
AUTOMATICALLY ASSUME THEY GOT
THE
THE RIGHT
AUTOMATICALLY ASSUME THEY GOT
THE RIGHT FAMILY.
>>
>> MY
THE RIGHT FAMILY.
>> MY BABY
>> MY BABY PICTURES.
>>
>> THAT
>> MY BABY PICTURES.
>> THAT IS
>> THAT IS DENISE.
GROWING
GROWING UP
>> THAT IS DENISE.
GROWING UP MINNESOTAN
GROWING UP MINNESOTAN IN
>> THAT IS DENISE.
GROWING UP MINNESOTAN IN A
LOVING
LOVING FAMILY.
>>
>> Reporter:
LOVING FAMILY.
>> Reporter: THIS
>> Reporter: THIS IS
LOVING FAMILY.
>> Reporter: THIS IS ME,
>> Reporter: THIS IS ME, MY
SISTER
SISTER GERALDINE.
SURE
SURE OF
SISTER GERALDINE.
SURE OF HER
SURE OF HER PLACE
SISTER GERALDINE.
SURE OF HER PLACE UNTIL
SURE OF HER PLACE UNTIL AGE
SISTER GERALDINE.
SURE OF HER PLACE UNTIL AGE 72,
WHEN
WHEN DENISE,
SURE OF HER PLACE UNTIL AGE 72,
WHEN DENISE, AND
WHEN DENISE, AND ANCESTRY
SURE OF HER PLACE UNTIL AGE 72,
WHEN DENISE, AND ANCESTRY BUFF,
SUBMIT
SUBMIT TO
WHEN DENISE, AND ANCESTRY BUFF,
SUBMIT TO DNA
SUBMIT TO DNA FOR
WHEN DENISE, AND ANCESTRY BUFF,
SUBMIT TO DNA FOR TESTING
SUBMIT TO DNA FOR TESTING TO
THE
THE WEBSITE
SUBMIT TO DNA FOR TESTING TO
THE WEBSITE 23
THE WEBSITE 23 AND
SUBMIT TO DNA FOR TESTING TO
THE WEBSITE 23 AND ME.
>>
>> A
THE WEBSITE 23 AND ME.
>> A BUNCH
>> A BUNCH OF
THE WEBSITE 23 AND ME.
>> A BUNCH OF CHANGERS.
I
I DID
>> A BUNCH OF CHANGERS.
I DID NOT
I DID NOT MATCH
>> A BUNCH OF CHANGERS.
I DID NOT MATCH ANYBODY.
>>
>> YOU
I DID NOT MATCH ANYBODY.
>> YOU DID
>> YOU DID NOT
I DID NOT MATCH ANYBODY.
>> YOU DID NOT MET
>> YOU DID NOT MET YOUR
I DID NOT MATCH ANYBODY.
>> YOU DID NOT MET YOUR MOTHER.
>>
>> KNOW.
>> WHICH
>> WHICH LED
>> KNOW.
>> WHICH LED DENISE
>> WHICH LED DENISE TO
>> KNOW.
>> WHICH LED DENISE TO CONCLUDE
EITHER
EITHER THEY
>> WHICH LED DENISE TO CONCLUDE
EITHER THEY MADE
EITHER THEY MADE A
>> WHICH LED DENISE TO CONCLUDE
EITHER THEY MADE A MISTAKE
EITHER THEY MADE A MISTAKE OR
WE
WE WERE
EITHER THEY MADE A MISTAKE OR
WE WERE SWITCHED
WE WERE SWITCHED AT
EITHER THEY MADE A MISTAKE OR
WE WERE SWITCHED AT BIRTH.
>>
>> BUT
WE WERE SWITCHED AT BIRTH.
>> BUT IF
>> BUT IF DENISE
WE WERE SWITCHED AT BIRTH.
>> BUT IF DENISE HAD
>> BUT IF DENISE HAD GROWN
WE WERE SWITCHED AT BIRTH.
>> BUT IF DENISE HAD GROWN UP
IN
IN SOMEONE
>> BUT IF DENISE HAD GROWN UP
IN SOMEONE ELSE'S
IN SOMEONE ELSE'S FAMILY,
>> BUT IF DENISE HAD GROWN UP
IN SOMEONE ELSE'S FAMILY, WHO
HAD
HAD GROWN
IN SOMEONE ELSE'S FAMILY, WHO
HAD GROWN UP
HAD GROWN UP IN
IN SOMEONE ELSE'S FAMILY, WHO
HAD GROWN UP IN HERS?
>>
>> THIS
HAD GROWN UP IN HERS?
>> THIS IS
>> THIS IS ME
HAD GROWN UP IN HERS?
>> THIS IS ME HERE'S
>> THIS IS ME HERE'S DISH
HAD GROWN UP IN HERS?
>> THIS IS ME HERE'S DISH HERE.
--
-- HERE.
>>
>> THAT
-- HERE.
>> THAT WOULD
>> THAT WOULD BE
-- HERE.
>> THAT WOULD BE LINDA.
>>
>> I
>> THAT WOULD BE LINDA.
>> I DID
>> I DID MY
>> THAT WOULD BE LINDA.
>> I DID MY DNA
>> I DID MY DNA RIGHT
>> THAT WOULD BE LINDA.
>> I DID MY DNA RIGHT AWAY,
BECAUSE
BECAUSE I
>> I DID MY DNA RIGHT AWAY,
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I
>> I DID MY DNA RIGHT AWAY,
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAVE
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAVE TO
>> I DID MY DNA RIGHT AWAY,
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAVE TO SEE
THIS
THIS ON
BECAUSE I THOUGHT I HAVE TO SEE
THIS ON PAPER.
IT
IT SAYS
THIS ON PAPER.
IT SAYS MAYOR,
IT SAYS MAYOR, MOTHER.
>>
>> NOT
IT SAYS MAYOR, MOTHER.
>> NOT YOUR
>> NOT YOUR MOM.
>>
>> NOT
>> NOT YOUR MOM.
>> NOT MY
>> NOT MY MOM.
>>
>> IN
>> NOT MY MOM.
>> IN THE
>> IN THE EARLY
>> NOT MY MOM.
>> IN THE EARLY MORNING
>> IN THE EARLY MORNING HOURS
OF
OF DECEMBER
>> IN THE EARLY MORNING HOURS
OF DECEMBER 19
OF DECEMBER 19 1945
>> IN THE EARLY MORNING HOURS
OF DECEMBER 19 1945 AT
OF DECEMBER 19 1945 AT BETHESDA
HOSPITAL
HOSPITAL IN
OF DECEMBER 19 1945 AT BETHESDA
HOSPITAL IN ST
HOSPITAL IN ST PAUL,
OF DECEMBER 19 1945 AT BETHESDA
HOSPITAL IN ST PAUL, TWO
HOSPITAL IN ST PAUL, TWO BABY
GIRLS
GIRLS  WERE
HOSPITAL IN ST PAUL, TWO BABY
GIRLS  WERE BORN.
DENISE
DENISE MARY
GIRLS  WERE BORN.
DENISE MARY AT
DENISE MARY AT 217,
GIRLS  WERE BORN.
DENISE MARY AT 217, AND
DENISE MARY AT 217, AND LINDA
JEAN,
JEAN, 31
DENISE MARY AT 217, AND LINDA
JEAN, 31 MINUTES
JEAN, 31 MINUTES LATER.
>>
>> YOU
JEAN, 31 MINUTES LATER.
>> YOU GOT
>> YOU GOT SWITCHED.
>>
>> YES
>> YOU GOT SWITCHED.
>> YES WE
>> YES WE DID.
>>
>> WHOSE
>> YES WE DID.
>> WHOSE FEET
>> WHOSE FEET ARE
>> YES WE DID.
>> WHOSE FEET ARE THESE,
>> WHOSE FEET ARE THESE, YOURS
OR
OR MINE?
>>
>> 472
OR MINE?
>> 472 YEARS,
>> 472 YEARS, EACH
OR MINE?
>> 472 YEARS, EACH HAS
UNKNOWINGLY
UNKNOWINGLY WALKED
>> 472 YEARS, EACH HAS
UNKNOWINGLY WALKED IN
UNKNOWINGLY WALKED IN THE
OTHER'S
OTHER'S FOOTSTEPS.
>>
>> THERE
OTHER'S FOOTSTEPS.
>> THERE IS
>> THERE IS LINDA.
>>
>> LINDA
>> THERE IS LINDA.
>> LINDA THE
>> LINDA THE REDHEAD
>> THERE IS LINDA.
>> LINDA THE REDHEAD IN
>> LINDA THE REDHEAD IN A
FAMILY
FAMILY OF
>> LINDA THE REDHEAD IN A
FAMILY OF BLONDES.
>>
>> DENISE
FAMILY OF BLONDES.
>> DENISE IS
>> DENISE IS RIGHT
FAMILY OF BLONDES.
>> DENISE IS RIGHT HERE.
IN
IN DENISE
>> DENISE IS RIGHT HERE.
IN DENISE THE
IN DENISE THE BLONDE
>> DENISE IS RIGHT HERE.
IN DENISE THE BLONDE AMONG
BRUNETTE
BRUNETTE AND
IN DENISE THE BLONDE AMONG
BRUNETTE AND RED
BRUNETTE AND RED HEADS.
NOT
NOT THE
BRUNETTE AND RED HEADS.
NOT THE LEAST
NOT THE LEAST BIT
BRUNETTE AND RED HEADS.
NOT THE LEAST BIT ATHLETIC.
WHILE
WHILE HER
NOT THE LEAST BIT ATHLETIC.
WHILE HER SIBLINGS
WHILE HER SIBLINGS EXCELLED.
>>
>> MY
WHILE HER SIBLINGS EXCELLED.
>> MY SISTER
>> MY SISTER GERALDINE
WHILE HER SIBLINGS EXCELLED.
>> MY SISTER GERALDINE GOT
INDUCTED
INDUCTED INTO
>> MY SISTER GERALDINE GOT
INDUCTED INTO THE
INDUCTED INTO THE MINNESOTA
SOFTBALL
SOFTBALL HALL
INDUCTED INTO THE MINNESOTA
SOFTBALL HALL OF
SOFTBALL HALL OF FAME.
>>
>> HER
SOFTBALL HALL OF FAME.
>> HER DAD
>> HER DAD PLAYED
SOFTBALL HALL OF FAME.
>> HER DAD PLAYED FOR
>> HER DAD PLAYED FOR A
SOFTBALL HALL OF FAME.
>> HER DAD PLAYED FOR A TIME
FOR
FOR THE
>> HER DAD PLAYED FOR A TIME
FOR THE ST
FOR THE ST PAUL
>> HER DAD PLAYED FOR A TIME
FOR THE ST PAUL SAINTS.
>>
>> SOMETIMES
FOR THE ST PAUL SAINTS.
>> SOMETIMES I
>> SOMETIMES I HAD
FOR THE ST PAUL SAINTS.
>> SOMETIMES I HAD THAT
>> SOMETIMES I HAD THAT SENSE
THAT
THAT I
>> SOMETIMES I HAD THAT SENSE
THAT I DID
THAT I DID NOT
>> SOMETIMES I HAD THAT SENSE
THAT I DID NOT QUITE
THAT I DID NOT QUITE FIT
>> SOMETIMES I HAD THAT SENSE
THAT I DID NOT QUITE FIT IN
WITH
WITH THEM.
>>
>> Reporter:
WITH THEM.
>> Reporter: I
>> Reporter: I AM
WITH THEM.
>> Reporter: I AM NUMBER
>> Reporter: I AM NUMBER EIGHT.
>>
>> BUT
>> Reporter: I AM NUMBER EIGHT.
>> BUT LOOK
>> BUT LOOK WHO
>> Reporter: I AM NUMBER EIGHT.
>> BUT LOOK WHO WOULD
>> BUT LOOK WHO WOULD HAVE
>> Reporter: I AM NUMBER EIGHT.
>> BUT LOOK WHO WOULD HAVE FIT
IN.
I
I WOULD
IN.
I WOULD HAVE.
>>
>> LINDA,
I WOULD HAVE.
>> LINDA, THE
>> LINDA, THE ONLY
I WOULD HAVE.
>> LINDA, THE ONLY ATHLETE
>> LINDA, THE ONLY ATHLETE IN
HER
HER FAMILY.
SHE
SHE PLAYED
HER FAMILY.
SHE PLAYED SOFTBALL
SHE PLAYED SOFTBALL INTO
HER FAMILY.
SHE PLAYED SOFTBALL INTO HER
50s.
>>
>> SUDDENLY
50s.
>> SUDDENLY IT
>> SUDDENLY IT ALL
50s.
>> SUDDENLY IT ALL MAKES
>> SUDDENLY IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
>>
>> FOR
>> SUDDENLY IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
>> FOR SEVEN
>> FOR SEVEN DECADES,
>> SUDDENLY IT ALL MAKES SENSE.
>> FOR SEVEN DECADES, THEY
>> FOR SEVEN DECADES, THEY HAVE
LIVED
LIVED EACH
>> FOR SEVEN DECADES, THEY HAVE
LIVED EACH OTHER'S
LIVED EACH OTHER'S LIFE.
ANSWERING
ANSWERING TO
LIVED EACH OTHER'S LIFE.
ANSWERING TO EACH
ANSWERING TO EACH OTHER'S
LIVED EACH OTHER'S LIFE.
ANSWERING TO EACH OTHER'S NAME.
>>
>> IT
ANSWERING TO EACH OTHER'S NAME.
>> IT WAS
>> IT WAS SUPPOSED
ANSWERING TO EACH OTHER'S NAME.
>> IT WAS SUPPOSED TO
>> IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
ANOTHER
ANOTHER PERSON.
>>
>> OH
ANOTHER PERSON.
>> OH YEAH.
>>
>> YET
>> OH YEAH.
>> YET NEITHER
>> YET NEITHER HAVE
>> OH YEAH.
>> YET NEITHER HAVE AN
>> YET NEITHER HAVE AN ANSWER
FOR
FOR WHY
>> YET NEITHER HAVE AN ANSWER
FOR WHY THIS
FOR WHY THIS HAPPENED.
>>
>> WE
FOR WHY THIS HAPPENED.
>> WE WILL
>> WE WILL NEVER
FOR WHY THIS HAPPENED.
>> WE WILL NEVER KNOW,
>> WE WILL NEVER KNOW, AND
FOR WHY THIS HAPPENED.
>> WE WILL NEVER KNOW, AND I'M
SURE
SURE THE
>> WE WILL NEVER KNOW, AND I'M
SURE THE NURSES
SURE THE NURSES PROBABLY
>> WE WILL NEVER KNOW, AND I'M
SURE THE NURSES PROBABLY TOOK
CARE
CARE OF
SURE THE NURSES PROBABLY TOOK
CARE OF US.
>>
>> I
CARE OF US.
>> I KNOW
>> I KNOW MY
CARE OF US.
>> I KNOW MY MOTHER
>> I KNOW MY MOTHER TOLD
CARE OF US.
>> I KNOW MY MOTHER TOLD ME,
THAT
THAT YOU
>> I KNOW MY MOTHER TOLD ME,
THAT YOU WERE
THAT YOU WERE BORN
>> I KNOW MY MOTHER TOLD ME,
THAT YOU WERE BORN EASILY.
>>
>> I
THAT YOU WERE BORN EASILY.
>> I JUST
>> I JUST CAUGHT
THAT YOU WERE BORN EASILY.
>> I JUST CAUGHT HOW
>> I JUST CAUGHT HOW YOU
THAT YOU WERE BORN EASILY.
>> I JUST CAUGHT HOW YOU SAID
THAT
THAT EASILY.
>>
>> I
THAT EASILY.
>> I JUST
>> I JUST CAUGHT
THAT EASILY.
>> I JUST CAUGHT THAT
>> I JUST CAUGHT THAT DENISE,
MY
MY MOTHER
>> I JUST CAUGHT THAT DENISE,
MY MOTHER TOLD
MY MOTHER TOLD ME
>> I JUST CAUGHT THAT DENISE,
MY MOTHER TOLD ME YOU
MY MOTHER TOLD ME YOU WERE
BORN.
>>
>> HI
BORN.
>> HI MOTHER,
>> HI MOTHER, MARIANNE
BORN.
>> HI MOTHER, MARIANNE MAYER
>> HI MOTHER, MARIANNE MAYER AT
99 AND
99 AND IN
>> HI MOTHER, MARIANNE MAYER AT
99 AND IN MEMORY
99 AND IN MEMORY CARE
>> HI MOTHER, MARIANNE MAYER AT
99 AND IN MEMORY CARE WAS
RETOLD
RETOLD THE
99 AND IN MEMORY CARE WAS
RETOLD THE STORY
RETOLD THE STORY EACH
99 AND IN MEMORY CARE WAS
RETOLD THE STORY EACH VISIT.
BY
BY THE
RETOLD THE STORY EACH VISIT.
BY THE DAUGHTER
BY THE DAUGHTER SHE
RETOLD THE STORY EACH VISIT.
BY THE DAUGHTER SHE RAISED
BY THE DAUGHTER SHE RAISED AND
THE
THE DAUGHTER
BY THE DAUGHTER SHE RAISED AND
THE DAUGHTER TO
THE DAUGHTER TO WHOM
BY THE DAUGHTER SHE RAISED AND
THE DAUGHTER TO WHOM SHE
THE DAUGHTER TO WHOM SHE GAVE
BIRTH.
>>
>> NOW
BIRTH.
>> NOW YOU
>> NOW YOU HAVE
BIRTH.
>> NOW YOU HAVE MORE
GRANDCHILDREN.
REDHAIRED
REDHAIRED ONES.
>>
>> THE
REDHAIRED ONES.
>> THE OTHER
>> THE OTHER MOM,
REDHAIRED ONES.
>> THE OTHER MOM, RACHELLE
NELSON
NELSON DIALED
>> THE OTHER MOM, RACHELLE
NELSON DIALED --
NELSON DIALED -- DIED
>> THE OTHER MOM, RACHELLE
NELSON DIALED -- DIED OF
NELSON DIALED -- DIED OF CANCER
AT
AT 42.
AT 17,
AT 17, LINDA
AT 42.
AT 17, LINDA LOST
AT 17, LINDA LOST A
AT 42.
AT 17, LINDA LOST A MOTHER.
AT
AT 72,
AT 17, LINDA LOST A MOTHER.
AT 72, SHE
AT 72, SHE FOUND
AT 17, LINDA LOST A MOTHER.
AT 72, SHE FOUND ANOTHER.
>>
>> UNBELIEVABLE.
♪
>>
>> THE
♪
>> THE FIRST
>> THE FIRST CHAPTER
♪
>> THE FIRST CHAPTER OF
>> THE FIRST CHAPTER OF OUR
STORIES
STORIES HAS
>> THE FIRST CHAPTER OF OUR
STORIES HAS ALWAYS
STORIES HAS ALWAYS BEEN
>> THE FIRST CHAPTER OF OUR
STORIES HAS ALWAYS BEEN WRITTEN
BY
BY OTHERS,
STORIES HAS ALWAYS BEEN WRITTEN
BY OTHERS, BUT
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN
STORIES HAS ALWAYS BEEN WRITTEN
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN WE
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN WE EVER
STORIES HAS ALWAYS BEEN WRITTEN
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN WE EVER BE
CERTAIN
CERTAIN THERE
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN WE EVER BE
CERTAIN THERE ARE
CERTAIN THERE ARE NO
BY OTHERS, BUT CAN WE EVER BE
CERTAIN THERE ARE NO MISSING
PAGES?
>>
>> ARE
PAGES?
>> ARE YOU
>> ARE YOU GLAD
PAGES?
>> ARE YOU GLAD YOU
>> ARE YOU GLAD YOU FOUND
PAGES?
>> ARE YOU GLAD YOU FOUND OUT?
>>
>> I
>> ARE YOU GLAD YOU FOUND OUT?
>> I THINK
>> I THINK SO.
>>
>> I
>> I THINK SO.
>> I CONSIDER
>> I CONSIDER IT
>> I THINK SO.
>> I CONSIDER IT A
>> I CONSIDER IT A GIFT.
GOOD
GOOD THINGS
>> I CONSIDER IT A GIFT.
GOOD THINGS COME
GOOD THINGS COME OUT
>> I CONSIDER IT A GIFT.
GOOD THINGS COME OUT OF
GOOD THINGS COME OUT OF IT,
>> I CONSIDER IT A GIFT.
GOOD THINGS COME OUT OF IT, I
THINK.
>>
>> AS
THINK.
>> AS THEY
>> AS THEY BEGAN
THINK.
>> AS THEY BEGAN MEETING
>> AS THEY BEGAN MEETING THE
FAMILIES
FAMILIES TO
>> AS THEY BEGAN MEETING THE
FAMILIES TO WHICH
FAMILIES TO WHICH THEY
>> AS THEY BEGAN MEETING THE
FAMILIES TO WHICH THEY SHOULD
HAVE
HAVE BELONGED.
DENISE
DENISE AND
HAVE BELONGED.
DENISE AND LINDA
DENISE AND LINDA NOW
HAVE BELONGED.
DENISE AND LINDA NOW SHARE
DENISE AND LINDA NOW SHARE A
MOST
MOST UNUSUAL
DENISE AND LINDA NOW SHARE A
MOST UNUSUAL BOND.
>>
>> NEW
MOST UNUSUAL BOND.
>> NEW FRIENDS.
CURRENTLY?
>>
>> YOU
CURRENTLY?
>> YOU WOULD
>> YOU WOULD PROBABLY
CURRENTLY?
>> YOU WOULD PROBABLY FRIENDS
TOO.
BLONDE
BLONDE HAIRED
TOO.
BLONDE HAIRED BLUE-EYED
BROTHERS
BROTHERS AND
BLONDE HAIRED BLUE-EYED
BROTHERS AND SISTERS.
>>
>> WITH
BROTHERS AND SISTERS.
>> WITH THE
>> WITH THE PERSON
BROTHERS AND SISTERS.
>> WITH THE PERSON WHO
>> WITH THE PERSON WHO HAS
BROTHERS AND SISTERS.
>> WITH THE PERSON WHO HAS BEEN
TENDING
TENDING TO
>> WITH THE PERSON WHO HAS BEEN
TENDING TO YOUR
TENDING TO YOUR FAMILY
>> WITH THE PERSON WHO HAS BEEN
TENDING TO YOUR FAMILY AND
LIFE.
>>
>> YOU
LIFE.
>> YOU NEVER
>> YOU NEVER KNOW
LIFE.
>> YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT
>> YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT IS
LIFE.
>> YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT IS GOING
TO
TO HAPPEN.
>>
>> BOYD
TO HAPPEN.
>> BOYD HOOPER,
>> BOYD HOOPER, KARE
TO HAPPEN.
>> BOYD HOOPER, KARE 11,
WOODBURY.
>>
>> BETHESDA
WOODBURY.
>> BETHESDA IS
>> BETHESDA IS NOW
WOODBURY.
>> BETHESDA IS NOW IN
>> BETHESDA IS NOW IN AN
WOODBURY.
>> BETHESDA IS NOW IN AN ACUTE
CARE
CARE HOSPITAL,
>> BETHESDA IS NOW IN AN ACUTE
CARE HOSPITAL, NO
CARE HOSPITAL, NO LONGER
DELIVERING
DELIVERING BABIES.
HOSPITAL
HOSPITAL SPOKESPERSON
DELIVERING BABIES.
HOSPITAL SPOKESPERSON SAID
HOSPITAL SPOKESPERSON SAID THEY
WILL
WILL LET
HOSPITAL SPOKESPERSON SAID THEY
WILL LET THE
WILL LET THE STORY
HOSPITAL SPOKESPERSON SAID THEY
WILL LET THE STORY SPEAK
WILL LET THE STORY SPEAK FOR
ITSELF.
LINDA
LINDA AND
ITSELF.
LINDA AND DENISE
LINDA AND DENISE ARE
ITSELF.
LINDA AND DENISE ARE LOOKING
FORWARD
FORWARD TO
LINDA AND DENISE ARE LOOKING
FORWARD TO MEETING
FORWARD TO MEETING MORE
LINDA AND DENISE ARE LOOKING
FORWARD TO MEETING MORE FAMILY
MEMBERS.
A
A REUNION
MEMBERS.
A REUNION IS
A REUNION IS BEING
MEMBERS.
A REUNION IS BEING PLANNED
A REUNION IS BEING PLANNED FOR
LATER
LATER THIS
A REUNION IS BEING PLANNED FOR
LATER THIS SUMMER,
LATER THIS SUMMER, AND
A REUNION IS BEING PLANNED FOR
LATER THIS SUMMER, AND BOYD
PLANS
PLANS TO
LATER THIS SUMMER, AND BOYD
PLANS TO COME
PLANS TO COME UP
LATER THIS SUMMER, AND BOYD
PLANS TO COME UP DISH
PLANS TO COME UP DISH CATCH
LATER THIS SUMMER, AND BOYD
PLANS TO COME UP DISH CATCH UP
WITH
WITH THEM
PLANS TO COME UP DISH CATCH UP
WITH THEM AGAIN
WITH THEM AGAIN THEN.
TWO
TWO AMAZING
WITH THEM AGAIN THEN.
TWO AMAZING WOMEN
TWO AMAZING WOMEN WHO
WITH THEM AGAIN THEN.
TWO AMAZING WOMEN WHO HAVE
TWO AMAZING WOMEN WHO HAVE SUCH
BEAUTIFUL
BEAUTIFUL OUTLOOKS
TWO AMAZING WOMEN WHO HAVE SUCH
BEAUTIFUL OUTLOOKS WHEN
BEAUTIFUL OUTLOOKS WHEN LIFE
THROUGH
THROUGH THE
BEAUTIFUL OUTLOOKS WHEN LIFE
THROUGH THE --
THROUGH THE -- THROUGH
BEAUTIFUL OUTLOOKS WHEN LIFE
THROUGH THE -- THROUGH THEM
THROUGH THE -- THROUGH THEM THE
ULTIMATE
ULTIMATE CURVEBALL.
THEY
THEY REMAIN
ULTIMATE CURVEBALL.
THEY REMAIN POSITIVE
THEY REMAIN POSITIVE DESPITE
THAT.
>>
>> HOW
THAT.
>> HOW OVERWHELMING.
'S
'S BANK
>> HOW OVERWHELMING.
'S BANK WHO
'S BANK WHO HAS
>> HOW OVERWHELMING.
'S BANK WHO HAS NOT
'S BANK WHO HAS NOT KIND
>> HOW OVERWHELMING.
'S BANK WHO HAS NOT KIND OF
THOUGHT
THOUGHT THAT
'S BANK WHO HAS NOT KIND OF
THOUGHT THAT FOR
THOUGHT THAT FOR A
'S BANK WHO HAS NOT KIND OF
THOUGHT THAT FOR A MOMENT
THOUGHT THAT FOR A MOMENT OR
ANOTHER
ANOTHER FOR
THOUGHT THAT FOR A MOMENT OR
ANOTHER FOR A
ANOTHER FOR A FLEETING
THOUGHT THAT FOR A MOMENT OR
ANOTHER FOR A FLEETING MOMENT?